= Column Rot
Rails plugin to accelerate migrations that use add_column and
remove_column by "rotating" the data through a temporary table.

In many databases, if you add or drop a column to the table, the table
must be locked while the entire table is rewritten. If you are adding
and dropping multiple columns on a table, each column change must be
done separately. For very large tables this process takes minutes or
even hours, a prohibitively long time for a production system to be
down.

If we create a temporary table, however, and add or drop all of the
columns to it at once, then copy the data from the original table and
swap the new table into place, all of the column changes can be done
in a single operation.

Additionally, this method of migrating appears to be significantly
faster, even for a single-column change. Brian Moran's original post
showed a speedup from 17 minutes to 45 seconds, a speedup of over 22x.

(*** GET AND POST OWN STATS HERE ***)

This plugin was inspired by Brian Moran's blog post, found here: http://blog.onehub.com/posts/adding-columns-to-large-mysql-tables-quickly

== Goals
* Provide a nearly-transparent "context" that lets you use existing ActiveRecord::Migration DSL commands. The idea is to simply say "with_temporary_table {...}" and put your existing migration code into the block.

== Known Issues
* Not sure which database adapters this will support yet. My plan is to write it in pure SQL-92 so that MySQL and PostGreSQL at least will be able to use it. If not, I'm going to write it in MySQL because that't the database I have to fight with regularly.
* Not sure yet how to handle columns defined as non-null with no default. If there's no data in the table yet it will work, but the whole POINT of this plugin is to handle tables with huge amounts of data.

== Tests
* Add a column
* Drop a column
* :name => :temporary_table_name
* Raise error on multiple tables
* Raise error on non-DSLable commands (create table, etc)
* Add an index
* Remove an index
* Must preserve existing indexes
* Must preserve character set and collation
* How to handle non-null columns that have no default?

== Simple Example

 with_temporary_table do
   add_column :pants, :color_id, :integer, :null => false, :default => 1
   add_column :pants, :size, :integer
 end

== Complicated Example

 with_temporary_table :name => :tmp_table do
   add_column :pants, :color_id, :integer, :null => false, :default => 1
   add_column :pants, :size, :integer
   remove_column :pants, :fabric
   add_index :pants, [:color_id, :size]
 end

== Credits
This plugin was inspired by Brian Moran's post
http://blog.onehub.com/posts/adding-columns-to-large-mysql-tables-quickly


